---
layout: home
---

# Short Bio

I am a Research Associate at the Climate Change Research Centre, UNSW, Australia. I received a Master of Science from 
Claude Bernard University, Lyon (France) and a Master of Engineering from École Centrale Lyon, Écully (France) in 2011. 
In 2012, I had a short work experience in the aeronautic industry before switching to research in geophysics. In early 2016, I completed a PhD in Physical Oceanography from Paul Sabatier University, Toulouse, while being based most of the time at the Laboratory of Glaciology and Geophysics of the Environment, Grenoble. From 2016 to 2018, I worked as a post-doctoral research associate at the Laboratory of Studies in Geophysics and Spatial Oceanography.

I study oceanic turbulent flows with the support of high-resolution ocean models and observations. I mostly focus on the impact of mesoscale oceanic eddies (O 100 km) on the climate system through their feedback with the atmosphere and their capacity to generate long-term fluctuation, sometimes called eddy-driven variability or intrinsic variability. Oceanic eddies may hamper the detection and the attribution of long-term changes in some regions of the ocean, while also affecting the atmospheric dynamics and weather patterns at midlatitudes. At even smaller scales (O 1-10 km), I also study submesoscale motions, characterised by fronts and filaments, and propagating internal waves, generated by the interaction of the barotropic tides with steep topographic features. To do so, I use existing observations from in situ shipboard measurements of velocities, temperature and salinity, as well as from autonomous gliders and satellite altimeters. I eventually contribute to develop several numerical tools in Python for signal processing and analysing large geophysica